---
layout: page
title:  "What sort of clients work with us?"
---

<br>
Our CLIENTS are women or men on the move, younger or older, from any background and country. You emerge in unexpected places, as individuals, leadership teams and cross-organisational groups. You are different in how you are facing challenges, and in how you give and get power. You are not big or crushing. You work across more than top down, influencing at boundaries, embracing differences.<br><br>

Today with power shifting from few to many, traditional ways become closed, costly and hard to sustain, so new paths open for you as "new leaders". You come to us because you want people to participate and mobilise in a place of greater trust and accountability. With greater transparency you believe people can discover the capacity to deliver extraordinary results together.<br><br>

We have partnered with New Leaders over the last 25 years in all these organisations...
Charities and professional associations:AMED, Art2Be, Brainstrust, British Deming Association, The Centre for Tomorrow’s Company, The Children's Society, CIPD, Institute of Management Consultants, People In Aid, Plan International, Royal Society of Arts, Sadler Heath, Tree Aid, VINE, Wellcome Trust. Chemicals and pharmaceuticals: Borealis, Ciba, Glaxo, SmithKline Beecham. Communications and Technology: Nokia, O2, Oracle, Philips, Unisys, Wang. Consultancies large and small: Andersen, Ernst and Young, KPMG, Kube, McKinsey, MTI, PA Consulting, Practive, PwC, Richmond Group, Stanton Marris, Tavistock. Constuction and energy: BG Group, Rodamco, Shell, TXU Europe. Education and business schools:Ashridge, Borough of Richmond, Botswana Government,CASS,Edexcel,Lancaster, London School of Economics Complexity Group, Middlesex, Nijenrode, South Bank Financial Services: ABN Amro, Barclays, Lloyds TSB, Natwest, Pearl Assurance Government and public sector: Audit Scotland, Australian High Commission, Botswana Public Service College, British Council, Cabinet Office, CEL, Culture Media & Sport, Dept of Health, FCO, Home Office, London Brent, London Hackney, London Islington, LLUK, London Underground, National Health Service, National School of Government, Scottish Office, Surrey Police, Work and Pensions. Hospitality and Retail: Debenhams, Forte, Granada, Hilton, Le Meridien, Marriott, Starbucks, Travelodge, Whitbread, WHSmith. Media, market research and advertising: Financial Times, The Guardian, Millward Brown/WPP, Pearson, RDSi, Wolff Olins.